## Program Description
The purpose of these programs was to create a master process that forks child processes that all access the same shared memory segment. The process avoids race conditions by also sharing a semaphore that controls availability on writing to the shared memory segment. The semaphore used was the POSIX implementation. This was achieved by first running the master.c process. In this process, the shared memory segment is created, opened with Read/Write, and configured to fit the struct from the “myShm.h” header file. Then a struct pointer was mapped to the memory segment, allowing the process to access the struct containing the response array. The last step to setting these programs up was creating a shared semaphore for the child processes to have access to. Next, we need to prepare the child processes. First, the master process first locks the semaphore, sets initializes the index of the response array, in the shared memory segment, to 0, then frees the semaphore. After, a for loop is used to iterate through the specified amount of child processes; forking each process per iteration and passing along the shared semaphore name, memory segment name, and child number. The child process “slave.c”, on start-up, opens the shared memory segment and semaphore under a read/write using the passed in names. Next, the process locks the semaphore and initializes the struct pointer from the shared memory segment. A lucky number is taken from the user. The response array then logs the child number at index 0, writes the lucky number at index 1, then increments the index to 2. So, the next child has to write at index 2. After the writing has been completed, the semaphore is freed, struct pointer is unmapped, and the memory segment at the address is closed. This is repeated for the number of child processes specified in the command line when calling “master.c”. Lastly, in “master.c”, the response array is printed out; shared semaphore is closed,  struct is unmapped to memory, and memory is closed and unlinked. The master then prints out a termination statement.
